hey there my name is Brock Johnson and
welcome to my YouTube channel my current
full-time job is as a social media coach
with a specialty in Instagram and
Instagram rails over the last year I've
grown my Instagram following by over 1
000 new followers every single day from
less than 100 000 in 2021 to now over
half a million followers but let's talk
about how we got here first of all I was
raised in an entrepreneurial family both
of my parents have owned and sold
numerous businesses throughout my life
in pretty much every industry imaginable
so from a very young age I was around
entrepreneurship I was around business
owners and I was soaking it all up like
a sponge and so from about the age of
six or seven I started becoming my own
entrepreneur of course like most kids it
started out with just lemonade stands
but then it very quickly evolved into
bringing my classmates shoes home from
school because I was charging them to
tie their shoes in a unique way with the
help of my parents I bought my first
domain at I think nine years old and
most of these businesses never really
lasted very long or made much money but
I was starting to get bit with the
entrepreneurship bug and then fast
forward to my freshman year of college I
was living on my own and I wanted a way
to provide for myself financially and
because I was a student athlete with
very limited free time I knew that the
only way I was going to really be able
to provide for myself was if I started
my own business so in 2016 during my
freshman year of college I launched my
first business which was called unwrap
snap unwrap snap was a way for parents
to help keep their kids safe on Snapchat
I was basically getting paid to be a
social media snitch and rat out to all
of the parents on what their kids were
doing that business very quickly evolved
and grew into a way to help these
parents who now knew how to use Snapchat
use this social media platform for
business so it became Snapchat for
business but shortly after that my
business was shut down by the NCAA and I
was put under full investigation to make
sure that there was nothing illegal
going on basically they had to make sure
that there weren't any boosters giving
me some illegal donations because I was
a student athlete but once I got cleared
I decided to relaunch my business with
more of a focus on Instagram than
Snapchat and specifically Instagram
stories it was also around that time
that I started my first podcast I
believe this was 2018. the podcast was
called social media money makers and I
basically talked about making money on
social media over the next two to three
years I did over 500 hours of one-on-one
Instagram coaching helping my clients
grow their Instagram followings in
pretty much every industry imaginable
from birth doulas to Fitness coaches to
real estate agents to adult
entertainment Stars I coached pretty
much everyone imaginable and it was
during this time that my own Instagram
started to grow and I Grew From about 10
000 followers to maybe about 50 000
followers then in 2019 in 2020 I started
to grow on Tick Tock as well which I now
have over 300 000 followers on and it
was around that time that my mom and I
decided to start co-hosting a podcast
together called build your tribe which
is now a top 10 marketing podcast and
launch our Instagram membership
Community which is called the insta Club
Hub while this journey hasn't
necessarily always been easy it's been
very fun extremely rewarding and I'm so
blessed to be here today so if you're
not already please consider pressing
subscribe so you can see more of my
content here on this channel I will
regularly be sharing videos relating to
Growing your social media following and
making money online thanks for being
here